My name is Raseo Picado Herrero.
I studied chemistry at the University of Salamanca in Spain.
I specialize in organic chemistry.
This field focuses on the study of the carbon atom
and all the compounds that are derived from this atom.
I believed that life came about through evolution.
I remember seeing a picture in a natural science book
that depicted the embryos of different vertebrates.
And in the early stages of development, the similarities were outstanding.
But when I started studying at the University,
I began studying in detail the process on which the evolution theory is based.
To my surprise, I discovered that these processes were not proven facts.
As a chemist, I'm fascinated by the distribution of atoms within a molecule.
It is interesting to note that in most living creatures,
whether human, animal, or plant life,
the basic proteins required for life are made up of a carefully interwoven collection of amino acids.
And with the exception of glycine, all these amino acids have two forms called D and L.
These two forms are each a mirror image of the other.
Just as the right hand is a mirror image of the left,
but that cannot be superimposed.
And what is really striking is that all the amino acids that make up these proteins belong only to the L series.
So I asked myself,
how is it possible for blind chance to make all the amino acids that are essential for life
belong solely to the L series?
I reached the conclusion that there had to be a higher power, a creator.
Even though I had a religious upbringing,
my ideas were not clear as to who God was.
I merely viewed him as a supreme being, before whom we would be held accountable.
The Bible is not a science textbook.
Its purpose is not to describe the universe we live in,
or the laws that regulate our universe.
But when it does mention science,
and when it discusses scientific matters,
it does so with great accuracy.
And undoubtedly the greatest benefit is that it allows me to enjoy a personal relationship
with the creator of the universe,
a universe that fascinates me from a scientific perspective.